it keeps getting stranger and stranger
around here when it comes to keyboards
the advantage to was kind of like a
gateway drug with its key Wells and
thumb clusters then came the safe type
keyboard with its freak'n rearview
mirrors as for today well we're clearly
screaming down this slippery slope at an
ass waxing rate because we've arrived at
the or B touch a keyless keyboard and it
also works as a mouse some how what how
even do
[Music]
the Corsair one features a compact form
factor that is fast quiet and you
guessed it compact check it out through
Amazon or Newegg at the links below okay
so like the other economic keyboards
that we've checked out the or B touch
takes two hands to operate but not this
time because the letters are physically
separated this time it's because both
hands are actually required to register
a single keystroke so to type a letter
then you need to coordinate the movement
of these two domes in a process called
cording the dome on the Left points at
one of eight symbol clusters while the
dome on the right is used to specify the
particular character you want to type
based on its position within the cluster
the end result then is that each letter
basically has its own Associated gesture
and unlike a regular keyboard where some
letters like Zed and P are more
difficult to strike than others on the
or B touch all the gestures are equally
easy to perform though with that said
some are more difficult to memorize than
others more on that later
now I want to talk about what it's like
to actually type on this thing
surprisingly it's actually kind of fun
according to or B touch most users can
type at 60% of their QWERTY typing speed
after about five hours of practice and
believe it or not I believe it no of
course at first you have to stare down
at the keyboard to do anything at all
and it feels like it takes days to
string together a single bloody sentence
but even within just a couple hours of
practice
James had most of the letter gestures
memorized and when he was telling me
about it I got kind of this weird vibe
apparently that feel when you finally
write a word with complete fluidity is
like totally a huge rush whatever floats
your boat dude then though once you
really get the hang of it you can start
to do some serious power moves because
get this one after typing a letter you
we need to return one of the domes to
Center before typing the next one that
means that if consecutive letters share
the same cluster or color then you can
bang them out by moving just one hand
it's again I'm going from someone else's
breathless account here about as
exhilarating as stringing together a
fatal combo and Mortal Kombat but much
more productive on the subject of Mortal
Kombat according to or B touches
unmanned yule because the or B touch
performs all the functions of a keyboard
and mouse it can be used to play games
well how about that
let's try it out shall we okay then
first we slide down twice to enter mouse
mode now we use the right dome to
control the mouse and the left dome to
click all right now we switch back to
type mode so we can reload and try
walking around it hmm we're not moving
and there's no way to actually hold a
key down so I can't actually walk
anywhere and even if I could I wouldn't
be able to aim at the same time so okay
you can't win them all let's get back to
typing this is pretty cool even though
it only has two moving parts you can
still do advanced commands like Control
Alt Delete and highlighting an entire
row of text using the shift and end keys
albeit at a much slower pace
all right then Linus an else enough if
it's so limited and slow who's gonna buy
this thing ah
I'm glad you asked like our other our go
keyboards the or B touches design does
eliminate the three musketeers of
repetitive stress injuries pronation
extension and ulnar deviation unlike
them however it's really made for folks
with hand or arm prosthesis arthritis
spinal injuries cerebral palsy and other
finger dexterity impairments it's also
been found to be really appealing to
people with autism because instead of
being laid out randomly the letters and
colors are both arranged in a logical
way according to this chart many autists
can actually type faster using the or B
touch than they can with a QWERTY board
which doesn't mean we don't have some
constructive criticism
it definitely slides around on the desk
too much during use
it's build quality is unexceptional
given the $400 price we think the num
lock mode while well-intentioned is
pretty difficult to use flying blind
with no backspace and while there are
gestures for arrow keys we really think
a dedicated d-pad would make navigation
easier in many cases and possibly make
gaming slightly less poisonous with that
said though we still think the RB touch
is a homerun it's surprisingly easy to
learn our only comfort related grievance
is related to palm sweat after extended
use and they will even make you a
left-handed version or adjust the
actuation force according to your
particular needs plus it comes in a tube
filled with rubber duckies I'm touched
if you're a small business owner or
you're a freelancer FreshBooks is the
way to solve your accounting problems
instead of being so complicated that you
have to have a freaking degree in
accounting in order to be a drywall or a
computer repair technician FreshBooks is
built for the way you work it lets you
be more productive more organized and
get paid faster you can create and send
professional-looking invoices in less
than 30 seconds set up online payments
you can get paid on your terms so that
you can take deposits or just get paid
all at once it's totally up to you and
you can even see when the client has
seen your invoice to put an end to the
guessing games the best part is
FreshBooks comes with you on the go so
whether you're sitting down at your
computer or on your phone you have
access to the entire functionality of
their cloud-based platform so for an
unrestricted 30-day free trial go to
FreshBooks dot-com slash tech tips and
enter Linus tech tips into how you've
heard about us section we've got a link
down below so thanks for watching guys
if this video sucked you know what to do
but if it was awesome get subscribed hit
that like button or maybe consider
checking out where to buy the stuff we
featured at the link in the video
description also down there is our merch
store which has cool shirts like this
one and our community forum which you
should totally join